Docs/subscriptions (#1437)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/subscriptions/getting-started.adoc

[[getting-started]]

> = Getting Started With Subscriptions

Reviewer: This capital letter looks a bit weird on the preview. 

```suggestion
= Getting Started with Subscriptions
```

npm i --save ws graphql-ws neo4j-driver @neo4j/graphql express apollo-server-express apollo-server-core
```

> The following code implements a simple apollo-express server with subscriptions. You can find more examples and documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code implements a simple `apollo-server-express` server with subscriptions. You can find more examples and documentation
```

> on subscriptions in link:https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/subscriptions/[apollo docs]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on subscriptions in link:https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/subscriptions/[Apollo's documentation].
```

```javascript
const { createServer } = require("http");
const { EventEmitter } = require('events');
const neo4j = require('neo4j-driver');
const { Neo4jGraphQL, Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsSingleInstancePlugin } = require('@neo4j/graphql');
const { WebSocketServer } = require("ws");
const { useServer } = require("graphql-ws/lib/use/ws");
const express = require('express');
const  { ApolloServer } = require("apollo-server-express");
const { ApolloServerPluginDrainHttpServer } = require("apollo-server-core");

const typeDefs = `
    type Movie {
        title: String
    }

    type Actor {
        name: String
    }
`;

> const driver = neo4j.driver("bolt://localhost:7687", neo4j.auth.basic("neo4j", "dontpanic42"));

Reviewer: This is a bit of a "weird" default password to keep in official documentation.

```suggestion
const driver = neo4j.driver("bolt://localhost:7687", neo4j.auth.basic("neo4j", "password"));
```

const neoSchema = new Neo4jGraphQL({
    typeDefs,
    driver,
    plugins: {
        subscriptions: new Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsSingleInstancePlugin(),
    },
});

async function main() {

>     // Apollo-Express server setup with WebSockets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // apollo-server-express server setup with WebSockets
```

main();
```

> NOTE: The example above uses the **xref::subscriptions/plugins/single-instance.adoc[single instance plugin]** and is not intended for production.

Reviewer: I really don't think we should say this, it would be fine in production for a system which doesn't need to horizontally scale.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: The example above uses the **xref::subscriptions/plugins/single-instance.adoc[single instance plugin]** and cannot scale horizontally.
```
